README.md, before:

DR TV Workflow for Alfred 2.0
===========================

A workflow to browsing and downloading programs from DR TV.

![](https://raw.github.com/simonbs/alfred-drtv-workflow/master/screenshot.png)

The workflow allows you to browse all programs on [dr.dk/tv](http://dr.dk/tv) and open a video in your browser. Using ffmpeg you can also download the video.

Don't worry if you don't have ffmpeg installed. It's really easy. If you haven't already, install[Homebrew](http://brew.sh) and run `brew install ffmpeg`.

The workflow has two commands:
- **dr (query)** Searhes DR TV for programs matching your query. Select a program to view all available videos for the program.
- **dr --week** Displays this weeks most viewed video.

You can select a video to open it in your default browser. Hold the option key and select the video to start downloading it.

About
===
The workflow is developed by [@simonbs](http://twitter.com/simonbs) and is heavily inspired by [dldr.brnbw.com](http://dldr.brnbw.com) by [@mikker](http://twitter.com/mikker).

Commit message:

Adds section about installation to README. Fixes issue where Terminal could not be used when iTerm was not installed

README.md, after:

DR TV Workflow for Alfred 2.0
===========================

A workflow to browsing and downloading programs from DR TV.

![](https://raw.github.com/simonbs/alfred-drtv-workflow/master/screenshot.png)

The workflow allows you to browse all programs on [dr.dk/tv](http://dr.dk/tv) and open a video in your browser. Using ffmpeg you can also download the video.

Don't worry if you don't have ffmpeg installed. It's really easy. If you haven't already, install[Homebrew](http://brew.sh) and run `brew install ffmpeg`.

The workflow has two commands:
- **dr (query)** Searhes DR TV for programs matching your query. Select a program to view all available videos for the program.
- **dr --week** Displays this weeks most viewed video.

You can select a video to open it in your default browser. Hold the option key and select the video to start downloading it.

Installation
===

[Download the latest release](https://github.com/simonbs/alfred-drtv-workflow/releases) and double click the .alfredworkflow file. This will open the file in Alfred and install the workflow.

About
===
The workflow is developed by [@simonbs](http://twitter.com/simonbs) and is heavily inspired by [dldr.brnbw.com](http://dldr.brnbw.com) by [@mikker](http://twitter.com/mikker).
